

Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of
without regard to its conflict of laws provision. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in connection with any action or dispute arising between the parties under or in connection with this Privacy Policy except for those individuals who may have rights to make claims under Privacy Shield, or the Swiss-US framework.
The laws of
your use of the
excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and Your use of the
local, state, national, or international laws.
By using
may also be subject to other
or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you accept those changes.
Your Consent
We've updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our
registering an
account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Links to Other Websites
PREVIEW
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by We are not responsible for the content, accuracy
or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.
Advertising
This
may contain third party advertisements and links to third party sites.
does not make any representation as to the accuracy or suitability of any of the
information contained in those advertisements or sites and does not accept any responsibility or liability for the conduct or content of those advertisements and sites and the offerings made by the third parties.
Advertising keeps
and many of the websites and services you use free of
charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible.
Third party advertisements and links to other sites where goods or services are advertised are not endorsements or recommendations by of the third party sites, goods or
services. takes no responsibility for the content of any of the ads, promises made, or the quality/reliability of the products or services offered in all advertisements.
Cookies for Advertising