

We also collect information from mobile devices for a better user experience, although these features are completely optional:
Location (GPS): Location data helps to create an accurate representation of your interests, and this can be used to bring more targeted and relevant ads to potential customers.
Phonebook (Contacts list): Your contacts list allows the
to be much more easy to use by the user, since accessing your contacts from the app makes you save tons of time.
Camera (Pictures): Granting camera permission allows the user to upload any picture straight from the you can safely deny camera permissions for this
Photo Gallery (Pictures): Granting photo gallery access allows the user to upload any picture from their photo gallery, you can safely deny photo gallery access for this
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
•
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our
}(we continually strive to improve our
offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
REVIE
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
When does
from third parties?
use end user information
will collect End User Data necessary to provide the
services to
our customers.
End users may voluntarily provide us with information they have made available on social media websites. If you provide us with any such information, we may collect publicly available information from the social media websites you have indicated. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings.
When does
use customer information
from third parties?
We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming a
customer, we