

Privacy Policy
Updated at
("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by
This Privacy Policy applies to our website,
(collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application,
and its associated subdomains
-"
By accessing or using our
Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Definitions and key terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
•
@
•
•
Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company: when this policy mentions "Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our," it refers to
that is responsible for your information under this Privacy
PREVIEW
Policy.
Country: where
this case is
or the owners/founders of
are based, in
Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the
Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit
and use the services.
IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an
Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by
contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
or are under
Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other
information — including a personal identification number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Service: refers to the service provided by
(if available) and on this platform.
as described in the relative terms
Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may