

These cookies collect information over time about your online activity on the
and
other online services to make online advertisements more relevant and effective to you. This is known as interest-based advertising. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing and ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers. Without cookies, it's really hard for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Cookies
uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most
web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Blocking and disabling cookies and similar technologies
RENEW
Wherever you're located you may also set your browser to block cookies and similar technologies, but this action may block our essential cookies and prevent our website from functioning properly,
and you may not be able to fully utilize all of its features and services. You should also be aware that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
Remarketing Services
We use remarketing services. What Is Remarketing? In digital marketing, remarketing (or retargeting) is the practice of serving ads across the internet to people who have already visited your website. It allows your company to seem like they're "following" people around the internet by serving ads on the websites and platforms they use most.
Payment Details
In respect to any credit card or other payment processing details you have provided us, we commit that this confidential information will be stored in the most secure manner possible.
Kids' Privacy
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from our servers.